what's the last thing you remember Danny
he said we had to route the reason you
survived it's because you're a very
uncommon girl you're not alone anymore
do you know a mutants or would anyone
like to she had their first time brain I
was 13 I thought it was a dream I just
lost control Sam I started panicking
people got hurt
Roberto my girlfriend
Ileana
I killed 18 men one by one
[Music]
this isn't a hospital it's a cage
it's important we find out your collar
so we can help you get better
I saw something I don't think she wanted
me to see
I don't think we're here to cut better
this place takes your greatest fear and
later lived through it until it kills
you
[Music]
he's there we can get out of this
together
[Music]
[Applause]
you